you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey its Lucky Penny shop
and we've made it to the number eight
team Hot Wheels 2013 Happy Meal toy from
McDonald's and it's been quite an
experience going through all these
videos and putting the stickers on all
the cars and you can see how long it
really takes this car here is doing it
up and you see the whole rolled cars in
the back and the ramps now the ramps
came off the Happy Meal boxes so if
you're not sure where we got them get
yourself a Happy Meal box there's one on
the side of the box we had two boxes and
we okay look at this hmm it looks like
it's going up and down somehow on the
pullback oh yeah
the wheels are off balance then it goes
up and down interesting so let's see ok
so there's not that many stickers
I'm almost quite happy actually number
one up front I like to just double check
ok goes over the ridges interesting they
did that so it's covering up some of the
detail that was there okay and then
number two is this big panel piece and
that goes on the top of the car now
which way the flame interesting to see
I'm gonna put the flame on this side
because you see flame here and flame
here and then number three is the back
piece I guess you have to follow that
same theme there and it goes around the
spoiler on top of the spoiler alright
and number four nice nice long one goes
on this side in the gray section see
that a little bit more up we'll just be
neat if they model all this into these
cars these cars would have been probably
one of the best toys if it was all in a
toy because I've already noticed on some
of the other ones we did yesterday the
stickers are peeling on this one the
stickers peeling right here see that and
then you know if they're not put on
perfectly then they're gonna come on
that's not cool that cool for kids
alright so that is the car pretty
interesting the way they made it can't
look at this see there's just extra
wheel in here that bumps up and down as
it goes do you think you can make a jump
let's see let's put him underneath it no
some are really fast enough on the
pullback that's too bad
they give you these jumps that should
really jump don't you think so now let's
just take a overall look here now this
one has it feels like this wheel here is
a little rubbery it is a rubber wheel
but the back wheels not I guess this one
is the only one like I said has rubber
wheels let's get them all in here now
the first time we've had them all in one
shot what do you all say pretty cool I
think it's a nice set might just keep
this one or get another one and put all
the stickers on in more detail like I
normally would so there you go and it's
the whole set how about a top-down view
or how about we just go mobile with the
camera let's try it out
okay so here you go now camera is off
the tripod you don't see that a lot of
Lucky Penny shop
but it's one way to show all the cars
and I can get close now show the Front's
and keep moving you can pause the video
at any time if you want it scan around
again one more time I'm gonna say
overall it's a pretty neat collection I
think I'm gonna keep this one so check
it out if you like toys like this you
know go to McDonald's get a happy meal
or just go up to the counter and you can
say hey do you have all eight cars
because I want all eight and they should
sell them to you and thanks for watching
it's really appreciated you want to see
them all being open check the
description for a playlist or search our
channel later this video is now over if
you want to see more videos in this
series
check the description search the channel
or click here and always remember if you
see a Lucky Penny pick it up